feat: add `useDeleteMany` doc (#3488)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/api-reference/core/hooks/data/useDeleteMany/index.md

---
title: useDeleteMany
siderbar_label: useDeleteMany
---

> `useDeleteMany` is a extended version of `react-query`'s [`useMutation`](https://tanstack.com/query/v4/docs/react/reference/useMutation). It support all the features of `useMutation` and adds some extra features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useDeleteMany` is an extended version of `react-query`'s [`useMutation`](https://tanstack.com/query/v4/docs/react/reference/useMutation). It supports all the features of `useMutation` and adds some extra features.
```
